---
title: Quality and Economies of Scale in Taiwan Higher Education:-An Application of
  CMPG Index
author: Klaus
date: '2021-09-14'
slug: []
categories:
  - Academic
tags:
  - DEA
subtitle: ''
description: ''
image: ''
---

---
<font size="13">**Quality and Economies of Scale in Taiwan Higher Education:-An Application of CMPG Index**</font>
  
**Abstract:** 
  Taiwan's HELs has been in fierce competition and suffered from
  teaching quality deterioration since last century, mainly due to the
  policy encouraging the establishment of university conducted by the
  authority, thus we applies the Meta-Frontier Cost Malmquist
  Productivity Gap Index to analyze the performances and productivity
  index in the HELs of Taiwan. Recently, the researchers are indulging
  themselves in deducing the cause of differences in efficiency and
  productivity, there are few systematic estimations and discussions
  regarding the margin of the technology gap which lead to the different
  productivity which is regarded not only as a key information to
  inspect the efficiency of higher education, but also can be taken to
  direct the higher education reform. The main purpose of this paper is
  to capture the performance and efficiency of higher education of
  Taiwan so as to present a reliable reform guiding to the conductor of
  HELs of Taiwan. Statistical results based on date for 49 public
  universities and 96 private universities Taiwan's HELs for 2015 to
  2017, the all sample CMPG (1.027) means an improvement in groups
  productivity and group cost frontier converges to Meta cost frontier
  at the speed of 2.7%, and the group technology convergence effect
  mainly comes from public HELs. Besides ,as for the specific group, the
  values of CMGP HELs in public and private are both greater than 1 ,
  indicate both of which have an improvement in cost-oriented
  productivity of them.

  **Keywords:** Data envelopment analysis;Meta-CM-Productivity Gap
  Index;HELs of Taiwan.
author:
- Chun-Ting Kung
- Yung-Lieh Yang[^1]
- Jia-Wei Liu

---

# Introduction

The quantity of university in Taiwan experienced rapid growth during the
past two decades, mainly because of Taiwan authority encouraging the
establishment of university. Taiwan has promoted university enrollment
expansion policy since 1997, particularly, when in the era of Chen
Shui-bian , the policy was even extended to "one county, one university"
which resulted in the number of colleges and universities increased
madly, reaching more than 160 at its peaks. The rapid expansion of
university without hesitation has led to part of those universities are
of poor quality and lack of features . Besides, due to the promotion of
Taiwan's educational diversification policy and the liberalization of
the education market, Taiwan's higher education has gradually changed
from the elite education to the popular education, from the education
statistics of the Ministry of Education that the net enrollment rate of
higher education in Taiwan has reached 71.24% from 38.7% in 2000 to
2016, which led to the quality of teaching in universities further
declined. At the same time, since Taiwan's accession to the WTO in 2002,
due to the principle of equality and reciprocity which means foreign
educational institutions can also set up branch campuses in Taiwan has
further increased the number of universities in Taiwan. Along with the
boom of university, Taiwan has seen the trend of fewer children since
1990s, according to the statistic of Taiwan Ministry of the Interior
Statistics Office , the number of births in Taiwan has dropped from more
than 260,000 in 2001 to only 160,000 in 2010. The low fertility rate
directly reflects in the registration rate of higher education in
Taiwan, referring to data released by the Taiwan Education Department at
the end of 2017, 17 schools in all 157 colleges and universities in
Taiwan suffered a registration rate of less than 60 and the trend of
declining birthrate, whether colleges and universities have the ability
to effectively apply limited resources to operate themselves and apply
the least resources to achieve the most efficient output is now
particularly urgent.

Taiwan's HELs mainly made up by four part, public universities, private
universities, and general universities and technical colleges, Cohn et
al (1989) and RKKoshal et al (1999) suggested the cost and output
relationship must make adjustments for various Outputs and for quality
variations among institutions which means that we can't take all HELs as
one homogeneous unit when we conduct performance analysis, instead, we
should take into account the differences among HELs quality.In term of
Battesse et al(2008)different sets of feasible input-output combinations
or so-called technology sets have led efficiency researchers to estimate
separate production frontiers for different groups of firms. In light of
this, to investigate the efficiency among HELs in Taiwan is essential to
use metafrontier framework.

The purpose of this paper is to estimate the cost efficiency of HELs of
Taiwan among different types, referring to which the conductors of HELs
can improve the quality of the HELs to attain a better operation
conditio